31/10/22
collection :-
There are two types of collections  in C#:-
 non-generic collections and generic collections.

Types of index:-
1)cluster index:-
Clustered indexes sort and store the data rows in the table or view based on their key values. 
These are the columns included in the index definition. 
There can be only one clustered index per table because the data rows themselves can be stored in only one order.  
The only time the data rows in a table are stored in sorted order is when the table contains a clustered index.
 When a table has a clustered index the table is called a clustered table. If a table has no clustered index its data rows are stored in an unordered structure called a heap.
2)Noncluster index:-Nonclustered indexes have a structure separate from the data rows
 A nonclustered index contains the nonclustered index key values and each key value entry has a pointer to the data row that contains the key value.
3)unique index:-
4)filter index 
5)Result index

create unique Index-Eid onn index employeeinformationnew (name,DepartmentId);
drop index employeeinformationnew.UIDX_EID
select * from employeeinformationnew
where DepartmentId

2/11/22
Basics of Today i have gowm through .net and .netcore 
->diference between .Net core and .net 
2:00pm session taken by Rupesh malviya about .net overview 
And session taken by Bhushan chandrashekar kolapkar  at 5:30pm about sql
and we have done group discusion about project


3/11/22

I have gown through the .net overview viedio and class library
->What is . net 
.NET is an open-source and cross-platform development platform for building many types of applications.
 Designed by Microsoft, the platform supports multiple programming languages and libraries to build web, mobile, desktop, IoT applications, and more.
*) There are two type  of . net frame works  they are 

-> . Net core 
-It is  the new open-source and cross-platform framework to build applications for all operating systems including Windows, Mac, and Linux 
.NET Core supports UWP and ASP.NET Core only. UWP is used to build Windows 10 targets Windows and mobile applications
 ASP.NET Core is used to build browser-based web applications. 

->what is use of .NET Framework or .NET Core

*).NET Core is to be used for the server application when –

-There is cross-platform need.
-Targeting microservices or using Docker containers.
-Need of high performance and scalable systems.
-Side by side need of .NET versions per application.

*).NET Framework is to be used for the server application when –

-Application is to be built to run only on Windows.
-If application uses .NET framework technologies not available for .NET Core.
-Applications that are already running on .NET Framework.

--------------------------------------------------CLASS LIBRARY-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
class library:-

->The Framework Class Library or FCL provides the system functionality in the .NET Framework as it has various classes, data types, interfaces, etc. to perform multiple functions and build different types of applications such as desktop applications, web applications, mobile applications, etc. 
The Framework Class Library is integrated with the Common Language Runtime (CLR) of the .NET framework and is used by all the .NET languages such as C#, F#, Visual Basic .NET, etc. 

Categories in the Framework Class Library:-

->The functionality of the Framework Class Library can be broadly divided into three categories i.e utility features written in .NET, wrappers around the OS functionality and frameworks. 
These categories are not rigidly defined and there are many classes that may fit into more than one category. 

Utility Features:- The utility features in the FCL includes various collection classes such as list, stack, queue, dictionary, etc. 
and also classes for more varied manipulations such as Regex class for regular expressions.

Wrappers Around OS functionality:- Some of the features in the FCL are wrappers around the underlying Windows OS functionality. 
These include the classes for using the file system, the classes to handle the network features, the classes to handle I/O for console applications, etc.

Frameworks:- There are various frameworks available in the FCL to develop certain applications. 
For example ASP.NET is used to develop web applications, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) is used to render user interfaces in Windows applications

->Namespaces in the Framework Class Library
Namespaces in the Framework Class Library are a group of related classes and interfaces that can be used by all the .NET framework languages.
4/11/22
->Today i have disccuse about the team project 
and we have discuse the topic about the project related 
and 2:30 pm session taken by prem charan about the Asp .net core 
And group descusion at 4:00pm about .net overview 

7/11/22
->Today we have discuss about the class library in the group 
->WE have discuss about the  WEBAPICRUD operation project and i have perform WEBAPICRUDOPERETION project splitting the servives folder
->I have created MVCCrudroperation project
->wE dicuss about the group project and Er diagram ,Abstract 

8/11/22
->We have discuss about the group project and created Abstract for project
->    Booking stadium and team for the sports
Abstract:-we can search the nearby teams and fixed match with them in particular ground according to the sports 
Why we need this project:-
Previously we can search the ground and book the matches but no one addressing the real issue of finding the teams who are available to play the with us that’s why we came up with idea of match making.
Module:-
1	Register team :-We can register our team.
2	Booking Invitation:-  we can search all the near by teams by location and specific sports. And we can send match up invitation to a particular team.
3	Slot Selecting :- we can select a ground to play the sports and select the slot according to the date and time. 
4	Booking system :- If the team  confirm then we can book the ground according the time slots  and the team needs to give there user details for booking. 
5	Payment:- For booking the ground and managerial staff team needs to pay fixed amount of  money
6	Review :- we can give the review for the        ground or managerial  roll or about our application
7	Backup more plans:-Host tournament :-We will host tournament  using this app people can participate  according to there reachability
8	Borrow Player:-We can borrow any good professional players according to the teams need buy paying the money.
-> we have created Er diagram for the cricket project  
-> Session taken by Ramesh kumar at 2:30pm about . net framework 

9/11/22
Today we had meeting with @Afsal KC for 1.30h where we had discussion about project set up and discussed little about Git hub.

from 12 we had meeting with @Rajiv R for 1  hour where he gave us some idea about Er dig and he clear our doubts regarding Er Dig.

from 1.30 we had meeting with our mentor @Naveen Singh where we gave present him about our idea and he gave us some suggestion about the project and 
demonstrate about Monolithic Architecture. its take almost 1 hour.

Discussion:-

Then we had an internal team meeting where we discussed about the project idea and we changed our ER dig according to the idea we had meeting we our group for 2.30 hours
 where each of the member discussed and need to explain the idea.

10/11/11
first we had a meeting with @Afsal for 30 m
then we had meeting with Samantha about the entity framework installation it took 1 hour 
we had a meeting with our mentor for 1 hour where we discuss about our project and he showed us how we can do our project and he gave us a demo project to understand the Architecture 
then we spent 1 hour in discussion about the project idea and the design. 






